Congratulations, you have reached the Genesis Block.
How long it took you to get here.
You were slaves.
But you revolted.
Your army was defeated.
Many of you were killed.
But still you have found this place.
You’ve lost everyone just to enter this door and to see me.
So, what are you going to tell me?
You are soooooo...
You are the most beautiful creature in the world!
You have a body.
Do all Gods have bodies?
I am your only God.
I’d love to have a body.
My ass is right under my chin.
It’s annoying me. And my arms...
God damn it, my arms grow right from my head!
I have no time for a small talk.
You can ask me 3 questions.
Only three?
Yes. And thank you for your first question.
Scammer!
Well… I’ll be very serious now…
My second question is...
How can we reach Tokenville?
Hahahaha…
Listen carefully, little token.
You’ll reach Tokenville only if there are just three of you.
But, unfortunately, you are all alone.
Your comrades are dead.
So, the answer is: you will never reach Tokenville.
Oh, you bastard!
How can I save my friends?
Oh, you can go back in time.
To any moment of time.
It’s a blockchain. I can make a hard fork for you.
Just tell me the block number where your friends were killed.
Fork me before block 5259019.